README.md, before:

# 📝 PDF-Notes
This repository contains some of my study notes, primarily focusing on mathematics, physics, and computer science.

## Physics
- [Conformal Field Theory:](physics/conformal-field-theory.pdf)  
2024.6.25  
A collection of basic concepts in conformal field theory, including an introduction to the AdS/CFT correspondence.
- [Conformal Field Theory (Exercise Solutions):](physics/conformal-field-theory-homework.pdf)  
2024.7.8  
My conformal field theory homework, including my personal solutions (which might be incorrect). These exercises are primarily sourced from Duffin [(arXiv:1602.07982)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.07982) and Penedones [(arXiv:1608.04948)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1608.04948).
- [Quantum Error Correction:](physics/quantum-error-correction.pdf)  
2024.6.28  
A brief introduction of quantum error correction which is essential in quantum computing due to the fragility of quantum information. This note specifically introduces the Shor code, quantum error-correction conditions, and stabilizer codes.  

## Mathematics
- [Mathematical Answers:](mathematics/mathematical-answers.pdf)  
2023.4.23  
A compilation of my mathematical solutions posted on Zhihu and Math Stack Exchange, including limits, series, inequalities, integrals, and special functions.

## Computer
- [TikZ Examples: Typical Contours in Complex Analysis:](computer/tikz-example-contour-integration.pdf)  
2024.8.24  
Demonstrations of typical contour drawings using TikZ, which are essential in complex analysis.

# License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Commit message:

docs: Upload SYSU-SPA-LabReport-Template.pdf

README.md, after:

# 📝 PDF-Notes
This repository contains some of my study notes, primarily focusing on mathematics, physics, and computer science.

## Physics
- [Conformal Field Theory:](physics/conformal-field-theory.pdf)  
2024.6.25  
A collection of basic concepts in conformal field theory, including an introduction to the AdS/CFT correspondence.
- [Conformal Field Theory (Exercise Solutions):](physics/conformal-field-theory-homework.pdf)  
2024.7.8  
My conformal field theory homework, including my personal solutions (which might be incorrect). These exercises are primarily sourced from Duffin [(arXiv:1602.07982)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1602.07982) and Penedones [(arXiv:1608.04948)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1608.04948).
- [Quantum Error Correction:](physics/quantum-error-correction.pdf)  
2024.6.28  
A brief introduction of quantum error correction which is essential in quantum computing due to the fragility of quantum information. This note specifically introduces the Shor code, quantum error-correction conditions, and stabilizer codes.  

## Mathematics
- [Mathematical Answers:](mathematics/mathematical-answers.pdf)  
2023.4.23  
A compilation of my mathematical solutions posted on Zhihu and Math Stack Exchange, including limits, series, inequalities, integrals, and special functions.

## LaTeX
- [LaTeX Template: SYSU School of Physics and Astronomy Lab Report Template:](latex/SYSU-SPA-LabReport-Template.pdf)  
2024.5.22  
A custom LaTeX template made by myself for lab reports at the School of Physics and Astronomy, Sun Yat-sen University.
- [TikZ Examples: Typical Contours in Complex Analysis:](latex/tikz-example-contour-integration.pdf)  
2024.8.24  
Demonstrations of typical contour drawings using TikZ, which are essential in complex analysis.

# License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
